I went to a PyLadies event in Vancouver.
The vibe was completely different from any
other programming meetup I'd ever been to.
I did not feel like I was
being tested or anything like that.
even though I felt very new, people were
just saying like, yeah, just make a five minute
talk about whatever you're learning and come back.
I got involved with it because it was there because
Python has a community in a way that you
can't really necessarily say to the same extent.
The title is tricky executive editor.
No one knows what that means.
That sounds big.
Yeah, it either sounds very big or very small.
Sometimes people see the word editor and they're
like, oh, this is the lady that does
the spell check on my tutorial.
I similarly was self taught.
And so, like, yeah, I paid for some courses, but a lot
of it was just like, well, things are on the Internet.
I'll go learn.
I learned from the Internet.
I'm now providing to the Internet, and
other people will learn as well. Yeah.
My name is Mariatta
I'm one of the hosts for PyPodcats.
I'm based in Vancouver, Canada, and my name is Tereza.
I am also one of the PyPodcats
host, and I'm based in Hamburg, Germany.
All right, I'm Joanna Jablonski, and I've been
involved in the Python community since, I think,
2016, and I'm also based in Vancouver, Canada.